		
Self-scoring: Rank yourself on a score of 0 to 4		
Tier	Cybersecurity Risk Governance	Cybersecurity Risk Management
Tier 0: None	Not currently part of the cybersecurity risk governance and management practices in the organization. 	
Tier 1: Partial	"Application of the organizational cybersecurity risk strategy is managed in an ad hoc manner.

Prioritization is ad hoc and not formally based on objectives or threat environment."	"There is limited awareness of cybersecurity risks at the organizational level.

The organization implements cybersecurity risk management on an irregular, case-by-case basis.

The organization may not have processes that enable cybersecurity information to be shared within the organization.

The organization is generally unaware of the cybersecurity risks associated with its suppliers and the products and services it acquires and uses. "
Tier 2: Risk Informed	"Risk management practices are approved by management but may not be established as organization-wide policy. 

The prioritization of cybersecurity activities and protection needs is directly informed by organizational risk objectives, the threat environment, or business/mission requirements."	"There is an awareness of cybersecurity risks at the organizational level, but an organization-wide approach to managing cybersecurity risks has not been established.

Consideration of cybersecurity in organizational objectives and programs may occur at some but not all levels of the organization. Cyber risk assessment of organizational and external assets occurs, but is not typically repeatable or reoccurring.

Cybersecurity information is shared within the organization on an informal basis. 

The organization is aware of the cybersecurity risks associated with its suppliers and the products and services it acquires and uses, but it does not act consistently or formally in response to those risks. "
Tier 3: Repeatable	"The organization’s risk management practices are formally approved and expressed as policy. 

Risk-informed policies, processes, and procedures are defined, implemented as intended, and reviewed. 

Organizational cybersecurity practices are regularly updated based on the application of risk management
processes to changes in business/mission requirements, threats, and technological landscape."	"There is an organization-wide approach to managing cybersecurity risks. Cybersecurity information is routinely shared throughout the organization.

Consistent methods are in place to respond effectively to changes in risk. Personnel possess the knowledge and skills to perform their appointed roles and responsibilities. 

The organization consistently and accurately monitors cybersecurity risks of assets. Senior cybersecurity and non-cybersecurity executives communicate regularly regarding cybersecurity risks. Executives ensure that cybersecurity is considered through all lines of operation in the organization.

The organization risk strategy is informed by cybersecurity risks associated with the products and services it provides and uses. Personnel formally act upon those risks, including through mechanisms such as written agreements to communicate baseline requirements, governance structures (e.g., risk councils), and policy implementation and monitoring. These actions are implemented consistently and as intended and are continuously monitored and reviewed."
Tier 4: Adaptive	"There is an organization-wide approach to managing cybersecurity risks that uses risk-informed policies, processes, and procedures to address potential cybersecurity events. The relationship between cybersecurity risks and organizational objectives is clearly understood and considered when making decisions. Executives monitor cybersecurity risks in the same context as financial and other organizational risks. The organizational budget is based on an understanding of the current and predicted risk environment and risk tolerance. Business units implement executive vision and analyze system-level risks in the context of the organizational risk tolerances.

Cybersecurity risk management is part of the organizational culture. It evolves from an awareness of previous activities and continuous awareness of activities on organizational systems and networks. The organization can quickly and efficiently account for changes to business/mission objectives in how risk is approached and communicated."	"The organization adapts its cybersecurity practices based on previous and current cybersecurity activities, including lessons learned and predictive indicators. Through a process of continuous improvement that incorporates advanced cybersecurity technologies and practices, the organization actively adapts to a changing technological landscape and responds in a timely and effective manner to evolving, sophisticated threats.

The organization uses real-time or near real-time information to understand and consistently act upon cybersecurity risks associated with the products and services it provides and uses.

Cybersecurity information is constantly shared throughout the organization and with authorized third parties."
		