5.0      Approval Recommendation

We identified a service account (adv-affiliate-workflow). However, it is not clear what role the service account has in the AuroraDB (backoffice_change_payment_account_request). It is not very clear which is the right database table. We should identity the right database to ascertain immediate mitigation making sure that the service account be given ‘db_read’ or ‘db_write’ privilege as best practice for Change Payment Account (CPA).

Secondly, we noticed another risk directed to unverified integrity of data as they traverse the Matcha Lead 2.0 process architecture. The system architecture and host instances are clear. The CPA Solution design documents traverse other application including (Matcha engine). Matcha Lead 2.0 application does not transform information: This means that any sensitive (PII) information is encrypted, and transferred with TLS 1.3 which seems not to be good enough. However, to mitigate threat of data tampering. It is pertinent that we ascertain existence of a control that will help HM confirm data integrity e.g HMAC shared secret, file integrity checker and copy-on-write file (snapshot of logs or DB).
Other threats or vulnerabilities found in the architecture will be mitigated by using relevant controls and enforcement actions. This will reduce the overall risk score thus justify the production of the application moving forward. -None of the finding will go unresolved.
The security risks associated with the use of Change Payment Account (CPA) have been assessed by threat modeling team, and appropriate mitigation actions or controls have been identified. Based on successful completion of the mitigation actions and implementation of mitigation controls, the threat modeling team judges the overall residual level of risk, to be acceptable for continued use of the Change Payment Account (CPA) within the HM organization.
This Report will be reviewed by the delegates of HM, and risks reassessed for any future major releases of the Change Payment Account (CPA) software and for any minor releases that impact security.
The use of Change Payment Account (CPA) will be subject to Information Security Policies as applicable to all staff and all systems within HM.




