Step 1. The process begins with looking at the current architecture for data flow if there is one. data flow diagram, swim diagram, api architectural diagram, and network diagram: Customer can submit any of these diagram.- We use this to create the data flow diagram.  
If none we need to simulate one using MS Threat modeling took kit. If it is a concept it must follow a shift-left prior design and thereafter.  The bottom line of to establish the movement of data to and from different trust level. 
We take a defensive approach to make sure that our application is developed with proper security from the inception. This will help us to define and model a secure architecture that follows: 
	All the components that make up the system 
	Identify assets that need protecting
	Document and rate threats
	Trust levels – Trust boundaries
Entities with different levels of privileges (permissions): Here there is a need to make sure that risk management policies, compliances and regulations are satisfied.
Trust boundaries are especially where interactions involve entities with different levels of trust and/or privilege. We established to mitigate the changing interactions between entities, users, and application processes. Specific privileges (permission) are required for specific access levels. Take for instance a remote server. The permission a local client must bear to access the remote server is not going to be similar for a local server running the same process. We also consider the role of the account that is running the server in both scenarios. Application process could run with a service account as system, local service, network service, standard user with or without elevation. However, for remote services, a standard user without elevation rights is favored in most cases.                                                                                                                
Entities with different levels of privileges (permissions): Here there is a need to make sure that risk management policies, compliances and regulations are satisfied.
i.	Trust levels – Trust boundaries
Trust boundaries are especially where interactions involve entities with different levels of trust and/or privilege. We established to mitigate the changing interactions between entities, users, and application processes. Specific privileges (permission) are required for specific access levels. Take for instance a remote server. The permission a local client must bear to access the remote server is not going to be similar for a local server running the same process. We also consider the role of the account that is running the server in both scenarios. Application process could run with a service account as system, local service, network service, standard user with or without elevation. However, for remoter service standard user without elevation rights is favored in most cases. 
